All source code and other software components in this CVS repository (USB)
are Copyright Markus Montkowski. Are covered by the license
below.  

                         Aladdin Free Public License
                      (Version 9, September 18, 2000)

    Copyright (C) 1994, 1995, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000 Aladdin Enterprises,
            Menlo Park, California, U.S.A. All rights reserved.

     NOTE: This License is not the same as any of the GNU Licenses
     published by the Free Software Foundation. Its terms are
     substantially different from those of the GNU Licenses. If you are
     familiar with the GNU Licenses, please read this license with
     extra care.

Aladdin Enterprises hereby grants to anyone the permission to apply this
License to their own work, as long as the entire License (including the
above notices and this paragraph) is copied with no changes, additions, or
deletions except for changing the first paragraph of Section 0 to include a
suitable description of the work to which the license is being applied and
of the person or entity that holds the copyright in the work, and, if the
License is being applied to a work created in a country other than the
United States, replacing the first paragraph of Section 6 with an
appropriate reference to the laws of the appropriate country.

This License is not an Open Source license: among other things, it places
restrictions on distribution of the Program, specifically including sale of
the Program. While Aladdin Enterprises respects and supports the philosophy
of the Open Source Definition, and shares the desire of the GNU project to
keep licensed software freely redistributable in both source and object
form, we feel that Open Source licenses unfairly prevent developers of
useful software from being compensated proportionately when others profit
financially from their work. This License attempts to ensure that those who
receive, redistribute, and contribute to the licensed Program according to
the Open Source and Free Software philosophies have the right to do so,
while retaining for the developer(s) of the Program the power to make those
who use the Program to enhance the value of commercial products pay for the
privilege of doing so.

0. Subject Matter

This License applies to the computer program known as "OS/2 USB Libary". 
The "Program", below, refers to such program. The Program is a copyrighted 
work whose copyright is held by Markus Montkowski., located in
Leverkusen, Germany (the "Licensor"). 

A "work based on the Program" means either the Program or any derivative
work of the Program, as defined in the United States Copyright Act of 1976,
such as a translation or a modification.

BY MODIFYING OR DISTRIBUTING THE PROGRAM (OR ANY WORK BASED ON THE PROGRAM),
YOU INDICATE YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS LICENSE TO DO SO, AND ALL ITS TERMS AND
CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTING OR MODIFYING THE PROGRAM OR WORKS BASED
ON IT. NOTHING OTHER THAN THIS LICENSE GRANTS YOU PERMISSION TO MODIFY OR
DISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM OR ITS DERIVATIVE WORKS. THESE ACTIONS ARE PROHIBITED
BY LAW. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, DO NOT MODIFY OR
DISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM.

1. Licenses.

Licensor hereby grants you the following rights, provided that you comply
with all of the restrictions set forth in this License and provided,
further, that you distribute an unmodified copy of this License with the
Program:

(a)  You may copy and distribute literal (i.e., verbatim) copies of the
     Program's source code as you receive it throughout the world, in any
     medium.
(b)  You may modify the Program, create works based on the Program and
     distribute copies of such throughout the world, in any medium.

2. Restrictions.

This license is subject to the following restrictions:

(a)  Distribution of the Program or any work based on the Program by a
     commercial organization to any third party is prohibited if any payment
     is made in connection with such distribution, whether directly (as in
     payment for a copy of the Program) or indirENTIRE
RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD
THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING,
REPAIR OR CORRECTION.

IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL
LICENSOR, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM
AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL,
SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR
INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR
DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES
OR A FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF
SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES.

6. General.

This License is governed by the laws of the State of California, U.S.A.,
excluding choice of law rules.

If any part of this License is found to be in conflict with the law, that
part shall be interpreted in its broadest meaning consistent with the law,
and no other parts of the License shall be affected.

For United States Government users, the Program is provided with RESTRICTED
RIGHTS. If you are a unit or agency of the United States Government or are
acquiring the Program for any such unit or agency, the following apply:

     If the unit or agency is the Department of Defense ("DOD"), the
     Program and its documentation are classified as "commercial
     computer software" and "commercial computer software
     documentation" respectively and, pursuant to DFAR Section
     227.7202, the Government is acquiring the Program and its
     documentation in accordance with the terms of this License. If the
     unit or agency is other than DOD, the Program and its
     documentation are classified as "commercial computer software" and
     "commercial computer software documentation" respectively and,
     pursuant to FAR Section 12.212, the Government is acquiring the
     Program and its documentation in accordance with the terms of this
     License.
